DOC: Proofreading ethernet.rst (#1740)
vyos/vyos-documentation: docs/_include/interface-eapol.txt

**Overview**

IEEE 802.1X is a security standard that enforces access control at the physical 

> port level. It blocks all traffic on a port until the connecting device proves 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IEEE 802.1X is a security standard that enforces access control at the data link layer. It blocks all traffic on a port until the connecting device proves 
```

It will let the device send Ethernet frames if the client is authenticated, so it's not right to say it's done at the physical port level since it will not tie client devices to ports in any way.

Author: Corrected.
